## Step 4: Write a Report on the Neural Network Model

1. Overview of the analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.
    The purpoose of this analysis is to provide for the nonprofit foundation Alphabet Soup help to select the applicants for funding with best
chance of success in their ventures, using machine learning and neural networks.

2. Results: Using bulleted lists and images to support your answers, address the following questions:

    Data Preprocessing

    - What variable(s) are the target(s) for your model?
    The target is the "y" which is equal to "IS_SUCCESSFUL" column.

    - What variable(s) are the features for your model?
    The features is the "X" which is equal the all columns of the data frame droping only the columns "IS_SUCCESSFUL", "EIN", "NAME".

    - What variable(s) should be removed from the input data because they are neither targets nor features?
    Need to remove the columns "EIN", "NAME".

    Compiling, Training, and Evaluating the Model

    - How many neurons, layers, and activation functions did you select for your neural network model, and why?
    I had 3 tries to get to best & highest accuracy

    * 1st try:
    I had 3 hidden layers and one outer layer layer.
    layer 1= 80 neurons
    layer 2= 30 neurons
    layer 3= 15 neurons
    Outer layer= 1 unit.

    * 2nd try:
    I had 4 hidden layers and one outer layer layer.
    layer 1= 80 neurons
    layer 2= 50 neurons
    layer 3= 30 neurons
    layer 4= 15 neurons
    Outer layer= 1 unit.

    *3rd try:
    I had 4 hidden layers and one outer layer layer.
    layer 1= 80 neurons
    layer 2= 40 neurons
    layer 3= 20 neurons
    layer 4= 10 neurons
    Outer layer= 1 unit.

    - Were you able to achieve the target model performance?
    The best accuracy value is Accuracy: 0.7264139652252197

    - What steps did you take in your attempts to increase model performance?
    The steps after cleanining and removing none features neither targets, and splitting used the deep neural net and trying different number of 
    layers, activations, optimizers & epochs.

3. Summary: Summarize the overall results of the deep learning model. Include a recommendation for how a different model could solve this 
classification problem, and then explain your recommendation.
    Unfortunatly, the tries not get so different from another, maybe with more time and more hidden layers and switch the number of neurons I would
get higher number od accuracy and small number of loss.